README.md, before:

This is a fluent interface for emitting web controls in c#.

## Sample Usages

### TextBox
	<%= Fluent.TextBoxFor(() => ViewData.Model.FirstName)
		.WithLabel("First Name:")
		.Width("200px") %>

### TextArea
	<%= Fluent.TextAreaFor(() => ViewData.Model.Comment)
		.WithLabel("Comments:")
		.Rows(5)
		.Width("400px") %>

### Button
	<%= Fluent.ButtonFor(ButtonData.ButtonType.New, this)
		.WithText("Add New " + ViewData.Model.BusinessObjectDescription)
		.VisibleIf(ViewData.Model.UserIsAdmin) %>

### CheckBox
	<%= Fluent.CheckBoxFor(() => ViewData.Model.Active)
		.WithLabel("Active")
		.IsChecked(ViewData.Model.IsActive) %>

### DropDownList
	<%= Fluent.DropDownListFor(Code.BoundPropertyNames.Type, ViewData.Model.DistinctCodeTypes, n => n.Name1, n => n.Name1)
		.WithDefault("Select", "")		    
		.WithSelectedValue(() => ViewData.Model.Type)
		.WithLabel("Code type:") %>

### ComboSelect
	<%= Fluent.ComboSelectFor(County.BoundPropertyNames.CourtIds, ViewData.Model.Courts, n => n.DisplayName, n => n.Id)
		.WithSelectedValues(ViewData.Model.SelectedCourts, court => court.CourtId)
		.WithLabel("Courts:") %>

### Link
	<%= Fluent.LinkTo(ControllerName, ActionName)
		.WithLinkText(">>")
		.WithMouseOverText("Last Page")
		.CssClass("linkHighlight")
		.DisabledIf(PagedListParameters.PageNumber == LastPage)
		.WithData(() => PagedListParameters.PageSize) %>

### Hidden input
	<%= Fluent.HiddenFor(() => PagedListParameters.PageSize) %>

	
## Input Builders
[See how][inputbuilders] we use these controls with our input builders

## License		

[MIT License][mitlicense]

This project is part of [MVBA Law Commons][mvbalawcommons].

[mvbalawcommons]: http://code.google.com/p/mvbalaw-commons/
[mitlicense]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
[inputbuilders]: http://shashankshetty.wordpress.com/2010/03/05/separation-of-concerns-in-input-builders/

Commit message:

Standardized build and updated README.md
Updated the rakefile to use the standard build process for Mvba and added
necessary supporting files and removed files used by old build process
(build_support/).

Cleaned up the README.md and added section on how to build the project.
Updated links in the license section to refer to GitHub instead of Google
Code.

Updated the supporting dlls:

Updated FastReflection to 1.0.0.13
Updated FluentAssert to 1.0.0.3
Updated LinqToHtml to 1.0.0.1
Updated MvbaCore to 1.0.0.1
Updated StructureMap to 2.6.1.0

README.md, after:

FluentWebControls ReadMe
===
### Description

FluentWebControls is s a fluent interface for emitting web controls in C#.

### Sample Usages

### TextBox
	<%= Fluent.TextBoxFor(() => ViewData.Model.FirstName)
		.WithLabel("First Name:")
		.Width("200px") %>

### TextArea
	<%= Fluent.TextAreaFor(() => ViewData.Model.Comment)
		.WithLabel("Comments:")
		.Rows(5)
		.Width("400px") %>

### Button
	<%= Fluent.ButtonFor(ButtonData.ButtonType.New, this)
		.WithText("Add New " + ViewData.Model.BusinessObjectDescription)
		.VisibleIf(ViewData.Model.UserIsAdmin) %>

### CheckBox
	<%= Fluent.CheckBoxFor(() => ViewData.Model.Active)
		.WithLabel("Active")
		.IsChecked(ViewData.Model.IsActive) %>

### DropDownList
	<%= Fluent.DropDownListFor(Code.BoundPropertyNames.Type, ViewData.Model.DistinctCodeTypes, n => n.Name1, n => n.Name1)
		.WithDefault("Select", "")		    
		.WithSelectedValue(() => ViewData.Model.Type)
		.WithLabel("Code type:") %>

### ComboSelect
	<%= Fluent.ComboSelectFor(County.BoundPropertyNames.CourtIds, ViewData.Model.Courts, n => n.DisplayName, n => n.Id)
		.WithSelectedValues(ViewData.Model.SelectedCourts, court => court.CourtId)
		.WithLabel("Courts:") %>

### Link
	<%= Fluent.LinkTo(ControllerName, ActionName)
		.WithLinkText(">>")
		.WithMouseOverText("Last Page")
		.CssClass("linkHighlight")
		.DisabledIf(PagedListParameters.PageNumber == LastPage)
		.WithData(() => PagedListParameters.PageSize) %>

### Hidden input
	<%= Fluent.HiddenFor(() => PagedListParameters.PageSize) %>

	
### Input Builders
[See how][inputbuilders] we use these controls with our input builders

### How To Build:

The build script requires Ruby with rake installed.

1. Run `InstallGems.bat` to get the ruby dependencies (only needs to be run once per computer)
1. open a command prompt to the root folder and type `rake` to execute rakefile.rb

If you do not have ruby:

1. You need to create a src\CommonAssemblyInfo.cs file. Go.bat will copy src\CommonAssemblyInfo.cs.default to src\CommonAssemblyInfo.cs
1. open src\StarterTree.sln with Visual Studio and build the solution

### License
	
[MIT License][mitlicense]

This project is part of [MVBA's Open Source Projects][MvbaLawGithub].

[inputbuilders]: http://shashankshetty.wordpress.com/2010/03/05/separation-of-concerns-in-input-builders/
[MvbaLawGithub]: http://mvbalaw.github.io/
[mitlicense]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
